It's good, but it's full of water.
What water?
What are you doing?
I'm worried about you.
You're worried about me.
I can't give you water.
Be patient.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm starting to get tired.
I'm going to use this for a year.
Are you going to get up?
When you get up, I'll fetch it to you.
I'll bring it!
I don't have any water.
I'm scared to get up,
panicking for nothing.
You're making me keep fighting.
Alright, I'm going to go get it.
I'm going to go get it.
After 6 days,
if I can get it, I'll representative from my hood.
Alright, alright?
Please be westmost fuel.
Now I'm on the estar permit
Alright?
The god of death is the one who is the most important.
The rest are just the same.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
Are you ready?
Come on.
Let's go up.
Hey.
I'm so sorry for hitting you.
It's okay.
Hey.
I'm sorry.
What did you do?
I was wondering what you were doing.
Heart, Poo, Po!
What are you saying?
I heard you were calling a lot of people and kids.
Champion!
Why not come inside when you want to experience a dance?
You could make a dance with these dolls now!
Kachisen needs a dance room!
Alright!
You have to go home.
I'll buy you a drink.
Two more drinks.